reorg of topics for new Code Security section in Security (#26887)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/code_security/iast/_index.md

---
title: IAST
disable_toc: false
aliases:
- /path-to-old-doc/
---

## Overview

> Datadog Code Security identifies code-level vulnerabilities in your services and provides actionable insights and recommended fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog Runtime Code Analysis (IAST) identifies code-level vulnerabilities in your services and provides actionable insights and recommended fixes.
```

For a list of supported services, see the [Library Compatibility Requirements][5].

> Code Security uses an Interactive Application Security Testing (IAST) approach to find vulnerabilities within your application code. IAST uses instrumentation embedded in your code like application performance monitoring (APM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runtime Code Analysis uses an Interactive Application Security Testing (IAST) approach to find vulnerabilities within your application code based on your Datadog application instrumentation.
```

> Code Security also monitors your code’s interactions with other components of your stack, such as libraries and infrastructure.
> 
> IAST enables Datadog to identify vulnerabilities using legitimate application traffic instead of relying on external tests that could require extra configuration or periodic scheduling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IAST enables Datadog to identify vulnerabilities using legitimate application traffic instead of relying on external tests that could require extra configuration or periodic scheduling. It also monitors your code’s interactions with other components of your stack, such as libraries and infrastructure, providing an up-to-date view of your attack surface area.
```

> Code Security's runtime application monitoring provides an up-to-date view of your attack surface that enables you to quickly identify potential issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Detailed remediation steps are provided for each detected vulnerability.

{{< img src="/security/application_security/code_security/remediation_recommendations.png" alt="Remediation recommendations" style="width:100%;" >}}

Recommendations enable you to change the status of a vulnerability, assign it to a team member for review, and create a Jira issue for tracking.

{{< img src="/security/application_security/code_security/vulnerability_jira_ticket.png" alt="creating a Jira ticket from a vulnerability" style="width:100%;" >}}

**Note:** To create Jira issues for vulnerabilities, you must configure the Jira integration, and have the `manage_integrations` permission. For detailed instructions, see the [Jira integration][3] documentation, as well as the [Role Based Access Control][4] documentation.

## Enabling Code Security

To enable Code Security configure the [Datadog Tracing Library][9]. Detailed instructions for both methods can be found in the [**Security > Application Security > Settings**][10] section.

If you need additional help, contact [Datadog support][11].

## Disable Code Security

> For information on disabling Code Security, see [Disabling Code Security][12].

Reviewer: This should be pulled out into a separate setup page similar to what we have done with SAST and SCA

---
title: IAST
disable_toc: false
aliases:
- /security/application_security/code_security/
---

## Overview

> Datadog Runtime Code Security (IAST) identifies code-level vulnerabilities in your services and provides actionable insights and recommended fixes.
> 
> For a list of supported services, see the [Library Compatibility Requirements][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog Runtime Code Analysis (IAST) identifies code-level vulnerabilities in your services and provides actionable insights and recommended fixes.

For a list of supported services, see the [Library Compatibility Requirements][5].
```

> Runtime Code Security uses an Interactive Application Security Testing (IAST) approach to find vulnerabilities within your application code based on your Datadog application instrumentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runtime Code Analysis uses an Interactive Application Security Testing (IAST) approach to find vulnerabilities within your application code based on your Datadog application instrumentation.
```

{{< img src="/code_security/vulnerability_code_snippet.png" alt="Code vulnerability snippet" style="width:100%;" >}}

Detailed remediation steps are provided for each detected vulnerability.

{{< img src="/code_security/remediation_recommendations.png" alt="Remediation recommendations" style="width:100%;" >}}

Recommendations enable you to change the status of a vulnerability, assign it to a team member for review, and create a Jira issue for tracking.

{{< img src="/code_security/vulnerability_jira_ticket.png" alt="creating a Jira ticket from a vulnerability" style="width:100%;" >}}

**Note:** To create Jira issues for vulnerabilities, you must configure the Jira integration, and have the `manage_integrations` permission. For detailed instructions, see the [Jira integration][3] documentation, as well as the [Role Based Access Control][4] documentation.

## Enabling Code Security

> To enable Code Security configure the [Datadog Tracing Library][9]. Detailed instructions for both methods can be found in the [**Security > Code Security > Settings**][10] section.

Author: this works in preprod HQ: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/code-security/setup
so I think we're good.
